(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
(Winter of 1998, 19 years old Choi Ban Do)
I don't feel like majoring civil construction.
Goodness. Are you picking a menu?
You did terribly on your entrance exam.
You don't feel like it?
You can't be choosy right now.
Registration hours are over.
The doors will be closed.
Please wait!
Wait!
Wait.
Thank you.
In young people's chests,
lives a huge thing called the heart.
It pounds all the time...
and makes you embarrassed.
It makes us losers...
that can't do anything.
I can do this.
Raise your head up.
Be confident.
Gosh.
Goodness. I fell.
You... You can drink that.
Why did you do that? Why?
Excuse me.
Thanks for the drink.
Doctor, you made an excellent choice.
But...
when I became an adult and finally got to control it,
this heart of mine seemed to have...
stopped its movement.
I'm not even sure if it's still alive.
It disappeared without a trace.
(Episode 4: Again, My Heart Beats)
Walk straight. I'm tired.
Gosh.
You should've controlled yourself. Why did you drink so much?
Hey, did I drink voluntarily?
It was against my will.
Gosh, that boozer.
I can't believe a girl competes by drinking.
What about it?
I thought she was cool.
What? It's locked?
If I miss one more attendance, I'll get thrown out.
Gosh, I'm having such bad luck because of you!
Hey, don't worry.
Hey.
We can go in.
What will you do?
- Hey. - Here I go.
You got in.
See? I got in.
Here I come.
All right.
Hey, I think it'll work.
Here.
Wait. What's wrong with this?
Gosh.
I need to go back out.
Okay. Back up.
What's wrong?
Hey, it hurts.
I'm coming out.
Gosh, I'm stuck.
Wait there. I'll be right out.
Wait. This...
Gosh, what should I do?
Hey, Dok Jae.
Help...
Why are you over there?
The gate is open.
What?
Gosh.
Here I come.
Bring it on.
You jerk.
Stop it.
It hurts, you jerk!
Hey, punk!
How can you...
push my face like that? It hurt!
It won't work.
Just go.
What?
There's no hope for me.
Just go.
Otherwise, both of us will die.
You have to live.
You have to make the roll call!
Dok Jae...
Do the roll call.
Then come back to save me.
No.
No!
Just go!
Leave!
- No. - Hurry up and leave!
Go!
Go away!
Go, Jae Woo.
Leave!
Jae Woo?
That punk is so fast.
Wait!
I'm sorry. My friend's head is stuck...
Excuse me.
What?
(Telephone)
It's me, Yoon Bo Reum.
Come to student hall room 201 by 2pm.
Did she just ask me out on a date?
Jae Woo.
Did you do the roll call yet?
No way.
It can't be raining.
I'm Go Dok Jae.
Jae Woo.
Ahn Jae Woo!
It's raining!
Mister.
Is he hurt?
- Mister. - Water.
Mister. Gosh!
Water.
- Give me water. - What the...
- Give me water. - Gosh.
Water... Jae Woo...
Jae Woo.
Change your major...
to business administration.
History majors can't make money.
You should major business if you like it so much.
You're doing it on purpose, aren't you?
You're doing everything I'm telling you not to do.
I don't care about you that much to rebel against you.
Change your major and learn business administration,
or join the student council to learn about governance.
You choose.
You mean learn about exploiting students?
What?
Honey.
Well... Here.
I couldn't give it to you yesterday.
It's your birthday present.
You two should just live happily together.
Don't mind me.
Take this.
I bought this for you.
That punk.
He's too spoiled.
I should stop his allowance or something.
Don't you do that to him.
Director Jung, we demand explanations.
We demand explanations.
- Yes? - Why can't I ever catch you?
Why don't you pick up your phone?
What is it?
Nothing special, as always.
I need money.
I don't have any.
Why not? Doesn't your father give you any?
I don't believe those two.
Stop it.
Stop what?
Do you know how hard it was for me to give birth to you?
So how hard was it?
And don't you know the day you had me?
It's today. You gave birth to me today.
If you need money, call him yourself.
Stop putting me in between you two!
Seongbuk-dong 31, please.
What was that?
How did he get stuck?
That's amazing. Is he an idiot?
Hey, kid.
If you can't get yourself out,
why did you get in there in the first place?
Goodness, kids these days are really weird.
- My goodness. - Excuse me.
Can you do this gently, please?
That's an electric saw.
What are you trying to do with that?
Why are you trying to cut off my neck?
But why do you keep blabbering about me?
Are you advertising our divorce?
Why don't you put up a poster saying we have a kid too?
Well, it was because I was drunk.
You don't think I can do that?
That's a fact.
A fact, my foot.
If that gets out, you and I both will be doomed.
It won't be the both of us.
You're a married man, but you're after your first love.
Does she know...
that you're married with a kid?
Why am I married? I'm divorced.
Nobody here knows that I've been married.
What about you?
You're a married woman with a kid. But you were so happy...
in a young man's arms.
You're worse than me, lady.
What's going on?
- Are they cheating on each other? - Gosh, that's crazy.
You mean yesterday? That was an accident.
You better pay me the alimony.
I'm going to get every penny from you.
I'm a student.
I can't even earn enough to buy gum.
I'm a student with no money.
I won't give it to you.
I won't. Why would I give it to you?
That's crazy.
A married student?
You cheapskate.
What? You like gum, don't you?
Fine.
There's no talking to a cheapskate like you.
Gosh, my stomach hurts.
Of course, it does. You drank so much.
Excuse me, lady.
Only people who have partied know how to party.
You'll ruin yourself if you keep doing something that's not yourself.
What?
Gosh, she startled me.
Hey, Jin Joo.
What?
Stop talking to the guy you met at the club yesterday.
Don't get involved with him.
You must be excited that a guy gave you a number,
but that jerk, Doctor Park, is just toying with you, okay?
Goodness.
Is he a doctor?
- What? - On the other side?
A doctor who works at a hospital?
I knew he had a great taste.
Now that I'm at it, I should turn my life around.
Thanks for the information.
Hey.
Hey!
How long are we staying in this time?
Darn it.
- Hey, go. - Darn it.
- Did you leave the door open? - I don't know.
He left his wife and kid to chase after his first love.
- And she doesn't know he's married. - Really?
Hey, what's going on? What's with the uproar?
- Amazing people have shown up. - Amazing?
There's a student in our school who has been through a divorce.
Really?
Wait.
If they're still a student, when did they get married and divorced?
That's not the point.
The point is that both of them are having affairs.
- Affairs? - Wait, no.
They're divorced, so technically, it's not an affair.
But the thing is, they have a kid.
A kid? Wow. Kids these days are scary.
Hey, the guy went on about how he can't give her alimony,
saying he doesn't even have a penny on him.
Goodness, he's a human garbage.
He is. He can't even be recycled.
He said he's a student and that he doesn't have any money.
The woman got so angry...
and called him a cheapskate and all.
A cheap... A cheapskate?
Hey, who told you about them?
That thing.
It was broadcast live from the studio.
I'm sure everyone on campus heard them.
Did you hear how he said he can't give her alimony?
He's unbelievably cheap.
Cheap?
He's a human garbage.
That's me?
If she has a kid, she should be raising them.
Why is she at school chasing after young men?
The world is coming to an end. It's gone completely crazy.
I'm the one who's about to go crazy.
That means they could've had the kid while in high school.
- The woman is something. - Exactly.
Who keeps on bashing on the woman?
Why are you bashing her?
Who are you?
"Who are you?"
Are you challenging me?
Hey.
Settle down. She's the lunatic history major.
Don't mess with her.
How cool is that?
Getting divorced. Isn't that so cool?
Why does a woman always need to sacrifice?
She wanted to live her life.
She's so cool.
Oh, maybe that was a drama script written by the broadcasting club.
They sometimes put on a radio drama, you know.
We have an announcement.
The accident that happened was not caused by the broadcasting club.
We are investigating the outline of the incident.
Darn it.
(We demand an explanation for increased food prices.)
They recently got divorced.
And his first love goes to our school too.
- That's awful. - Right?
Hey, the guy's first love goes to this school too.
Hey.
What are we going to do now?
What do you want me to do?
I don't know about the guy,
but what about the girl? She has a kid at this age.
A horrible...
jerk.
Sul, I didn't know you cursed.
He's a jerk to get a naive girl pregnant.
He's a jerk.
I won't let him live.
Well,
he didn't get her pregnant. They were apparently married.
Married.
But he won't give her alimony.
Why are you getting angry at me?
Anyway, they abandoned the kid because both of them...
didn't want to look after the kid.
- That's nonsense! - That's nonsense!
What's with you two?
The whole campus is looking for that divorced couple right now.
We don't have much clues,
but it looks like they are in a bad relationship...
by the way they fought at the broadcasting studio.
Do you know anyone who fights without no apparent reason?
I mean, the answer is always pretty nearby.
I... I'm not sure.
Hey, Jin Joo.
Do you know anyone who does that?
I don't know.
I don't think it's anyone around me, Ban Do.
Oh, I see.
- Enjoy your food. - Sure.
- Is it good? - Yes.
Wow, the soup is refreshing.
I heard both of them didn't want the kid.
They shouldn't even call themselves humans.
They said he hit her every day.
Really? He's a scumbag.
She's a gold digger.
She planned everything to get money off him.
He's a total scumbag.
She's the same.
They're perfect for each other.
Only our voices have been revealed.
I don't think anybody knows our voices.
I can't believe they're calling me a gold digger.
You're the one who seduced me.
Hey, they're calling me a wife beater.
You're the one who hit me. I never hit you.
Anyway, we can't fight in front of others.
Okay.
Why did you drag me to the radio booth?
I didn't know we'd be on air.
If you gave me Dr. Park's number...
when I asked you,
we wouldn't be in this trouble.
It's not because of me.
Hey.
Then is it because of me?
What are you doing here?
What's because of what?
It's because of the group meeting...
that we became friends.
Right.
We all became friends because of that meeting.
Bye, now.
Let's go, Sul.
We'll get going, Ban Do.
Okay, Jin Joo. Bye.
Excuse me.
The club.
Doctor...
The note.
You remember.
I see you go to my school.
You were awesome on stage last night.
What's he doing?
Well...
I think I made a mistake last night.
What?
I should've gotten your number.
I gave you mine instead.
I guess this is fate.
Because we meet again.
Will you...
give me your number?
Gosh, of course.
- I'll give it to you. - That stupid woman.
Here's my phone number.
I'll call you.
Okay.
She'll come to her senses after she's stabbed in the back.
That scumbag...
Who are you talking about?
What? It's nothing.
I don't know.
Why should I care? She'll take care of it.
What is it? Who do you mean?
It's nothing.
You there! Get out of my way!
Why is she in my head?
Will you really do it?
Yes. I'll really do it.
Okay.
Help!
Help me!
Please help me!
Assemble...
in the reference room after class.
It's for the freshmen.
So all of you should attend, okay?
- Yes, sir. - Yes, sir.
Is he here to nitpick?
Goodness.
He lost weight.
Well, I guess it's because I gave him false hope...
after I rejected him.
By the way,
did he really stay single for 18 years...
because he couldn't get over me?
Hey.
What?
"Hey"?
I'm asking you this...
just in case.
You don't think...
I like you, do you?
Pardon?
Well...
What is he saying?
You do.
You thought so, didn't you?
Well, it's because you said you liked me.
I never did.
Well, you asked me out on a date.
I asked you out, but I never said I liked you.
Pardon?
What's with him?
Is he getting back at me for rejecting him?
You have to like someone to go on a date.
Then why did you ask me out?
Because you were in front of me.
Because I was in front of you?
What if someone else was in front of you?
I would've asked her out.
It's all clear now, right?
Then let's not be clingy.
Something...
like this.
Don't do it.
Bye.
He asked me out because I was in front of him?
What?
Then he never liked me in the past.
Why is he telling me this now...
after 18 years?
He shouldn't have told me that.
He shouldn't have told me.
It's me, Yoon Bo Reum.
Come to student hall room 201 by 2pm.
With power.
Arms.
Who are you?
(Asura Cheerleading Squad Application Form)
(Ahn Jae Woo)
Stop kidding me.
I'm not fit to do something like this.
There's no way I filled this out.
Yes, you did.
That's your handwriting.
It is, but...
Fingerprint...
Is this mine?
Hey, I'm not a weirdo who forces...
drunk people to do stuff.
What's that?
This? It's an application form for my club.
I'll give it to whoever wants to join.
Do you want to join?
Me?
If you do,
you can practice with me every day.
Really?
Should I join?
(Asura Cheerleading Squad Application Form)
Here.
(Ahn Jae Woo)
(Asura)
3, 4.
1, 2. To the rhythm.
Hey.
Did you have a national tour?
Why are you so tired?
Start over.
[VIU Ver] E04 Go Back Couple "Again, My Heart Beats"
-= Ruo Xi =-
- Hey. - Goodness.
I'm sorry.
(Asura)
Seo Young.
Get a hold of yourself.
You're the main soloist, yet your body looks heavy.
Are you going to manage your weight like this?
I'm trying my hardest,
but I don't get fat or thin easily.
Is that your excuse?
- You can drink these. - Sure.
And have some of this.
- But I'm on a diet. - Are you?
I'll start tomorrow.
This is good.
Seo Young, come here.
He brought some snacks for you.
Hey, you must've been out.
Yes, hey.
Sit here.
I bought sweet stuff because I thought you could use some sugar.
You're very considerate.
After we practice for a long time, we really crave sweets.
How did you know?
I read something like this.
They say, "Life is bitter."
And practice is bitter too.
You need something sweet from time to time...
to endure the bitter times looking forward to the sweets.
- You have a point. - You're funny.
Here.
This way, you won't get it on your fingers.
No, I'm fine.
I think my stomach is upset.
Really?
Who is that guy?
Is that her boyfriend?
I never even had a chance to talk to her.
Hey, guys.
Come in. Let's share this.
Us?
Are you talking to us?
Yes, you guys.
Oh, gosh.
- Thanks. - Thank you.
I hope the practice goes well.
I'll return with something sweet before you forget me.
Hey.
Goodbye.
Bye, guys.
- Bye. - Come visit again.
I never noticed him, but he's pretty cool.
That was a perfect plan.
He must really like you. He's nice to us too.
Do you think so?
Thanks for the donuts.
You didn't have to mind us.
That was a part of the plan too.
That's how relaxed a middle-age man is.
Sure, keep it up.
Seo Young, are you okay?
Seo Young, stand up.
- Oh, no. - What do we do?
- What is this? What happened? - What's wrong?
- Should we call the 911? - Oh, no.
- Can you give me a hand? - Okay.
- Where's the nurse's room? - Right side, the end of the hall.
- Oh, no. - Goodness.
- Oh, gosh. - What do we do?
She's like a feather. Why is she so light?
Attention.
That is history department's reference library.
Just as you've heard,
a long time ago,
a freshman hung herself right in that room.
However, after that day,
many people have said they saw her ghost there.
If any of you successfully go in there...
and bring the specified book,
the drinks are on us.
However, no one ever successfully did this.
Do we have to go in there?
I'm scared.
A horror experience.
"Do Not Look Back".
That's not scary.
Why are they putting on a show?
Hey, are you okay?
- What? - What happened?
- Calm down. - What happened?
- Calm down. - There really was a ghost.
Darn it, this is frightening.
Who wants to go next?
What is this? No one?
She's really there.
Just one more person.
No one's going to succeed this year either.
None of them can go inside.
Ma Jin Joo?
Is there really a ghost here?
A red sticker.
My gosh.
Oh, goodness.
Save me!
My gosh, that startled me.
Oh, gosh.
What are these?
What? What?
Why are you doing this?
Someone save me!
Stop coming.
Oh, gosh!
Oh, no!
Hey.
It's a ghost!
I remember you hiding there.
I won't fall for this the second time.
It's a ghost!
Another one ran out.
Anyway, why would a freshman kill herself here?
It's scary. Goodness.
It's because you tricked me.
Okay, I got both of them out.
Let's find that book now.
Did you see the ghost?
- I saw her. - Did you?
- Goodness. - Goodness.
Is it over already?
My gosh.
A red envelope.
Let's see.
A red...
Found it.
All right.
Everyone will party tonight all thanks to me.
What's so fun about this?
Goodness, kids.
I found it.
I woke up because I'm hungry.
You woke up because you're hungry too, right?
What?
If you're up, let's go.
Go where?
You two should never break up.
Great. This is it.
It's so delicious.
What are you doing?
I'm not going to eat.
- Okay. Don't eat. - What?
The nurse told me...
you were watching your weight.
I don't want you to blame me later.
So don't eat.
Then why am I sitting here?
Wait.
Gosh, it's delicious.
Please keep me company.
I really wanted to have samgyeopsal,
but I had no friend to eat with.
We know each other's number.
You can do that for me, can't you?
Do you want to try one?
- Just one. - What?
No.
You're have to control your weight. What am I doing?
I'm sorry.
Hey.
Why should I just sit here and watch?
It's okay to eat one.
You shouldn't.
It's good.
Didn't you say you were only going to eat one?
I meant...
one meal. I can have one meal.
Okay. Eat up.
If the food is delicious, it's zero calorie.
Who says?
That's the way it is.
I'm so silly.
Why am I nervous?
He's just a kid.
I mean...
I've never gotten this far...
Why didn't you say you were hiding?
Why would I hide then?
Well, you're right.
Gosh, he's cranky.
Goodness.
I told you not to flirty with me.
I don't think I did this time.
You came to me and saved me.
I guess you saved me because I was in front of you.
Thank you.
I think it's over.
Aren't you going to leave?
You should go first.
Did you get hurt?
Let me take a look.
Hey.
Don't touch my leg...
Gosh.
He's so fussy.
Whatever. Let me see.
Gosh, it's swollen.
You should've been more careful.
It must hurt.
Sprained ankles can bother you forever.
My goodness.
Let's see. Try moving it.
Try moving it a little bit.
It's okay.
Why do you keep talking down to me?
Gosh.
Hey, what are you doing?
Let's just go.
You can't walk properly.
I told you not to do something like this.
Walk slowly.
Thank you.
Oh, no.
I'm crazy.
I'll take these.
Let's go.
We ate, so now we should make zero calorie.
What?
Isn't it better to do the things you want...
and clean up the mess after,
rather than to get stressed by restraining yourself?
Everything we do is to live.
I guess it's not that big of a deal,
now that I've done it.
There's always a way to save yourself.
The mess you make...
can always be cleaned up.
Doctors actually say it's better for women to...
have some coffee or alcohol from time to time,
rather than getting stressed from not drinking it.
No way. I don't believe that.
I'm serious. My wife...
When my sister was pregnant,
that's what I heard.
Why did you do that suddenly?
What? What do you mean?
I mean...
you couldn't talk to me before.
You used to run away and hide.
- What? - But all of a sudden...
you asked me for my number and came to see me.
You're like a different person.
Did you know...
that I was watching you?
Yes.
I've never seen anyone who was so bad at hiding.
Well...
Please forget that guy...
from a few days ago.
He was such a geek, wasn't he?
What does that smile mean?
This is nice.
Seoul's air used to be like this.
There's no fine dust.
The sky is so clear.
What's fine dust?
It's famous air made in China.
Does China sell air?
They probably will.
That's silly.
This is really nice.
I've never been to a place like this before.
How did you know my shoe size?
What?
I just eyeballed it.
- A nation without history... - A nation without history...
- has no future! - has no future!
(A nation without history has no future!)
I never thought...
Ma Jin Joo would succeed.
She's amazing.
- Ma Jin Joo! - Ma Jin Joo!
Ghosts aren't scary.
People are scarier.
Here.
You should put this on your ankle.
It looked really swollen earlier.
Don't mind me.
Gosh, you never listen.
Here.
Hey.
What are you doing?
You got hurt because of me.
How can I...
not be concerned?
Do you have eighth-grade syndrome or something?
Why are you so prissy? Goodness.
Don't take that off.
Keep it there until the swelling goes away.
Jin Joo, where have you been?
- Let's drink. - All right.
Cheers.
- Cheers. - What was that? Is she a doctor?
- Goodness. - Gosh.
My stress is all gone.
- All right, then. - Let's drink!
And why does she keep talking down to me?
This is great.
Jin Joo, bottoms up.
No, not me.
No, no. You do it because you brought it up.
- Bottoms up, bottoms up. - Bottoms up, bottoms up.
Give her another glass.
That hit the spot.
Sul.
Why are you drinking juice instead of beer?
You and I never used to drink.
But still, have some.
Once you get married,
you won't have enough time to get drunk even if you want to.
Get married?
I still hate seeing how people lose themselves when they get drunk.
Sul, after living for some time, I realized it's okay...
to lose yourself a bit.
If you can't party because you're conscious of others,
it's only bad for you.
There's a season in life when you can lose yourself.
If you lose yourself when you're older, that's worse.
What?
This is the time...
for us to drink and party.
All right, then.
Don't mind others today, and eat as much as you want.
Our slogan!
A nation without history has no future!
History department is the best!
It's past... No future.
No future.
Hey, what's Sul doing over there?
I'm going to take this one.
I'm going to take seasoned chicken too.
Half regular, half seasoned. Half and half.
That hurt.
Is the table all right?
I think it's broken.
My dear seniors.
Make sure Sul gets home all right.
Please, thank you.
The roll call.
She can't be late for the roll call.
We have a lot of time left until the roll call.
Hey, you can just go.
In that case, goodbye.
Hey, do you want to take one?
Do you want one?
She should be taking care of herself.
If you ever feel like doing something again, let me know.
I'll help you reset it back to zero calories.
You're too young to live holding yourself back.
No.
Thanks for today,
but don't ever do that again.
I never missed first place during youth competitions.
I got this far...
because I held back no matter how hard it was.
It didn't just happen.
Anyway, thanks.
I'd like to know more about you.
There's my bus.
Goodbye, then.
Sure, goodbye.
Bye.
Yes!
Yes, yes, yes!
Gosh, great job. Great job.
It's still very hot.
It really is summer now.
- Honey. - Goodness, I said it's hot.
It's too hot. It's hot.
It's hot!
I'm still here.
Goodness.
What's gotten into you? You're washing the dishes.
Do you want to get married?
Is that the only way I can wash the dishes?
Have a seat and rest, Mom.
Move aside.
You'll do this for life after you get married anyway.
You'll be doing this until you die.
Have you matured?
I don't know when I'll be a kid again,
so when that happens, just accept it.
What are you talking about?
Go rest.
Have a seat. Just rest.
Let's get a watermelon.
How much is this?
It's 5 dollars for 1.
Is this five dollars?
Mom, you like grapes.
You're right. They do look great.
It's okay.
I'm the only one who eats grapes.
You two and your dad love watermelon.
Just get it.
I really want some grapes today too.
You never eat any grapes.
I love grapes.
Just like you.
That's right.
I forgot to pick up the photos.
Goodness. How could I forget?
The photo studio next to the market?
Yes.
You go home first. I'll get them.
Thanks.
What?
(To Go Eun Sook)
Who left this here?
Goodness.
Mister.
You should say sorry if you bumped into someone.
Can't you see I dropped these because of you?
You should've held on to them better.
What?
I was just standing in front of my house.
You're the one who bumped into me, no the other way.
Gosh, what is this lady?
What a bad luck.
So what do you want me to do?
What do you want me to do?
Why you...
What's wrong with you?
How dare you speak to her like that?
What? "How dare you"?
Gosh, what a day.
What's with this neighborhood?
If you bumped into someone you should apologize.
Or pay her for ruining her groceries.
You should do something, you little punk.
That's right, you little punk.
I can't believe this.
Who are you?
Why are you butting in?
Me?
I'm her son.
What's that to you?
Her son?
Gosh. I knew it.
Gosh.
Consider yourselves lucky. My goodness.
What?
That rude brat.
Are you okay, ma'am?
Yes.
Here.
Thank you.
Your mom must feel so reassured to have a son like you.
All I have are two daughters.
Why do you look so happy? Your daughter's getting married!
How can you look so happy?
Of course I'm happy.
I never had a son.
But now I have one.
He's so handsome.
Hey!
Goodness.
Mom, go inside.
What are you doing?
He...
Mom, go inside.
Go in first. Here.
Go in.
Go inside, okay?
Well...
I was just passing by.
How dare you...
come here?
Did you come here to see my mom?
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, Mother.
(Go Back Couple)
You're acting weird lately.
You had a dream that I was dying.
Are you going out with Bo Reum?
No, they aren't going out.
It wasn't a kiss. It was a peck.
Eating alone makes you lose appetite.
It has to be here, right?
I didn't do anything wrong.
It's not like I'm cheating.
Why is she here?
You said we were going to the hospital.
You told me not to flirt with you.
You aren't asking me out.
I'm not.
I'm hitting on you.